Scala QC Questions

Give me an example of how you would use pattern matching?

What is a tuple? 

What is a set?  

What is a trait? How do you use it?  

How do you merge a list? 

What is the relation between an object and a class?


Can you list the different collections you have in scala?

What is a recurssion? 

What are futures in scala?  

what is the difference between an expression and a statement? 

can you give me an example of pattern matching? 

can you give a me an example of how a class is created and how an obeject defined?

what is the difference between a pure function and an impure function?

what is the use of a lazy variable?

what is a use case of having scala in your big data? 

how do you drop an int element from a list? 

how do you handle exceptions in scala? 

what is a trait in scala? 

how do you create a nested for loop in scala? 

what is the difference between a map and a flat map? 

what is the significance of tuples in scala? 

what is the different tyes of inheritence in scala? 

In scala what are arrays? can you have different value types? 

what is the diff between set and maps? 

why scala for big data?

how is scala related to JVM and JRE?

is scala a statically typed language? why or why not?

what is a use case for higher order functions?

difference between val and var

integer type?

pure vs impure functions

what is functional programming?

why use auxiliary construction?

map vs flatmap

how to find distinct values in a list

four pillars of OOP

while vs do while

what are the basic scala collections?

what is the Any class?

what is the use of lambda in scala?

what does it mean when you get unit type as a result? (may have misheard this one)

how to handle exceptions

expression vs statement

what are types?

what are higher order functions and how do you create them?

array vs list

how do you drop the nth element in a list?

does scala have global variables?

access modifiers, what are they?

what is an infinite loop?

how do you reverse the contents of a list?

advice: be more confident when answering

advice: know and use the technical terminology

what is the relationaship between java and scala

is scala a static or dynamic (type) language and why
